README.md, before:

# Terraform module static website

```
module "examplecom" {
  source               = "git@github.com:vicktornl/terraform-module-static-website.git"
  prefix               = "examplecom"
  zone_id              = aws_route53_zone.main.zone_id
  domain_name          = "example.com"
  redirect_domain_name = "www.example.com"
  acm_certificate_arn  = aws_acm_certificate.main.arn
}
```

<!-- BEGIN_TF_DOCS -->
## Requirements

No requirements.

## Providers

| Name | Version |
|------|---------|
| <a name="provider_archive"></a> [archive](#provider\_archive) | n/a |
| <a name="provider_aws"></a> [aws](#provider\_aws) | n/a |
| <a name="provider_aws.virginia"></a> [aws.virginia](#provider\_aws.virginia) | n/a |
| <a name="provider_template"></a> [template](#provider\_template) | n/a |

## Modules

No modules.

## Resources

| Name | Type |
|------|------|
| [aws_cloudfront_distribution.main](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/resources/cloudfront_distribution) | resource |
| [aws_cloudfront_distribution.redirect](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/resources/cloudfront_distribution) | resource |
| [aws_cloudfront_origin_access_identity.main](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/resources/cloudfront_origin_access_identity) | resource |
| [aws_iam_role.lambda_basic_auth](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/resources/iam_role) | resource |
| [aws_iam_role.lambda_index](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/resources/iam_role) | resource |
| [aws_lambda_function.basic_auth](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/resources/lambda_function) | resource |
| [aws_lambda_function.index](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/resources/lambda_function) | resource |
| [aws_route53_record.main](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/resources/route53_record) | resource |
| [aws_route53_record.redirect](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/resources/route53_record) | resource |
| [aws_s3_bucket.main](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/resources/s3_bucket) | resource |
| [aws_s3_bucket.redirect](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/resources/s3_bucket) | resource |
| [aws_s3_bucket_object.error](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/resources/s3_bucket_object) | resource |
| [aws_s3_bucket_object.index](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/resources/s3_bucket_object) | resource |
| [aws_s3_bucket_policy.main](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/resources/s3_bucket_policy) | resource |
| [aws_waf_web_acl.main](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/resources/waf_web_acl) | resource |
| [archive_file.lambda_basic_auth](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/archive/latest/docs/data-sources/file) | data source |
| [archive_file.lambda_index](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/archive/latest/docs/data-sources/file) | data source |
| [aws_iam_policy_document.lambda_assume_role](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/data-sources/iam_policy_document) | data source |
| [aws_iam_policy_document.main](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/data-sources/iam_policy_document) | data source |
| [template_file.error](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/template/latest/docs/data-sources/file) | data source |
| [template_file.handler_basic_auth](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/template/latest/docs/data-sources/file) | data source |
| [template_file.handler_index](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/template/latest/docs/data-sources/file) | data source |
| [template_file.index](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/template/latest/docs/data-sources/file) | data source |

## Inputs

| Name | Description | Type | Default | Required |
|------|-------------|------|---------|:--------:|
| <a name="input_acm_certificate_arn"></a> [acm\_certificate\_arn](#input\_acm\_certificate\_arn) | ARN of the ACM Certificate used for the CloudFront distributions (us-east-1) | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_basic_auth_enabled"></a> [basic\_auth\_enabled](#input\_basic\_auth\_enabled) | Controls wether basic auth is enabled | `bool` | `false` | no |
| <a name="input_basic_auth_password"></a> [basic\_auth\_password](#input\_basic\_auth\_password) | Basic auth password | `string` | `"auth"` | no |
| <a name="input_basic_auth_username"></a> [basic\_auth\_username](#input\_basic\_auth\_username) | Basic auth username | `string` | `"basic"` | no |
| <a name="input_domain_name"></a> [domain\_name](#input\_domain\_name) | Fully qualified domain name | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_error_document"></a> [error\_document](#input\_error\_document) | n/a | `string` | `"error.html"` | no |
| <a name="input_index_document"></a> [index\_document](#input\_index\_document) | n/a | `string` | `"index.html"` | no |
| <a name="input_prefix"></a> [prefix](#input\_prefix) | Prefix used for all resource names | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_redirect_domain_name"></a> [redirect\_domain\_name](#input\_redirect\_domain\_name) | Optional fully qualified domain name to redirect from | `string` | `"null"` | no |
| <a name="input_waf_enabled"></a> [waf\_enabled](#input\_waf\_enabled) | Controls wether WAF is enabled for the CloudFront distributions | `bool` | `false` | no |
| <a name="input_waf_rule_id"></a> [waf\_rule\_id](#input\_waf\_rule\_id) | WAF Rule id | `string` | `""` | no |
| <a name="input_zone_id"></a> [zone\_id](#input\_zone\_id) | Hosted zone id | `string` | n/a | yes |

## Outputs

| Name | Description |
|------|-------------|
| <a name="output_cloudfront_distribution_id"></a> [cloudfront\_distribution\_id](#output\_cloudfront\_distribution\_id) | n/a |
<!-- END_TF_DOCS -->

Commit message:

feat: rewrite_uri for react app with pushState routing

README.md, after:

# Terraform module static website

```
module "examplecom" {
  source               = "git@github.com:vicktornl/terraform-module-static-website.git"
  prefix               = "examplecom"
  zone_id              = aws_route53_zone.main.zone_id
  domain_name          = "example.com"
  redirect_domain_name = "www.example.com"
  acm_certificate_arn  = aws_acm_certificate.main.arn
}
```

<!-- BEGIN_TF_DOCS -->
## Requirements

No requirements.

## Providers

| Name | Version |
|------|---------|
| <a name="provider_archive"></a> [archive](#provider\_archive) | n/a |
| <a name="provider_aws"></a> [aws](#provider\_aws) | n/a |
| <a name="provider_aws.virginia"></a> [aws.virginia](#provider\_aws.virginia) | n/a |
| <a name="provider_template"></a> [template](#provider\_template) | n/a |

## Modules

No modules.

## Resources

| Name | Type |
|------|------|
| [aws_cloudfront_distribution.main](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/resources/cloudfront_distribution) | resource |
| [aws_cloudfront_distribution.redirect](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/resources/cloudfront_distribution) | resource |
| [aws_cloudfront_origin_access_identity.main](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/resources/cloudfront_origin_access_identity) | resource |
| [aws_iam_role.lambda_basic_auth](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/resources/iam_role) | resource |
| [aws_iam_role.lambda_index](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/resources/iam_role) | resource |
| [aws_lambda_function.basic_auth](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/resources/lambda_function) | resource |
| [aws_lambda_function.index](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/resources/lambda_function) | resource |
| [aws_route53_record.main](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/resources/route53_record) | resource |
| [aws_route53_record.redirect](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/resources/route53_record) | resource |
| [aws_s3_bucket.main](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/resources/s3_bucket) | resource |
| [aws_s3_bucket.redirect](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/resources/s3_bucket) | resource |
| [aws_s3_bucket_object.error](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/resources/s3_bucket_object) | resource |
| [aws_s3_bucket_object.index](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/resources/s3_bucket_object) | resource |
| [aws_s3_bucket_policy.main](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/resources/s3_bucket_policy) | resource |
| [aws_waf_web_acl.main](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/resources/waf_web_acl) | resource |
| [archive_file.lambda_basic_auth](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/archive/latest/docs/data-sources/file) | data source |
| [archive_file.lambda_index](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/archive/latest/docs/data-sources/file) | data source |
| [aws_iam_policy_document.lambda_assume_role](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/data-sources/iam_policy_document) | data source |
| [aws_iam_policy_document.main](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/data-sources/iam_policy_document) | data source |
| [template_file.error](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/template/latest/docs/data-sources/file) | data source |
| [template_file.handler_basic_auth](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/template/latest/docs/data-sources/file) | data source |
| [template_file.handler_index](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/template/latest/docs/data-sources/file) | data source |
| [template_file.index](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/template/latest/docs/data-sources/file) | data source |

## Inputs

| Name | Description | Type | Default | Required |
|------|-------------|------|---------|:--------:|
| <a name="input_acm_certificate_arn"></a> [acm\_certificate\_arn](#input\_acm\_certificate\_arn) | ARN of the ACM Certificate used for the CloudFront distributions (us-east-1) | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_basic_auth_enabled"></a> [basic\_auth\_enabled](#input\_basic\_auth\_enabled) | Controls wether basic auth is enabled | `bool` | `false` | no |
| <a name="input_basic_auth_password"></a> [basic\_auth\_password](#input\_basic\_auth\_password) | Basic auth password | `string` | `"auth"` | no |
| <a name="input_basic_auth_username"></a> [basic\_auth\_username](#input\_basic\_auth\_username) | Basic auth username | `string` | `"basic"` | no |
| <a name="input_cache_enabled"></a> [cache\_enabled](#input\_cache\_enabled) | Controls wether caching is enabled | `bool` | `false` | no |
| <a name="input_domain_name"></a> [domain\_name](#input\_domain\_name) | Fully qualified domain name | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_error_document"></a> [error\_document](#input\_error\_document) | n/a | `string` | `"error.html"` | no |
| <a name="input_index_document"></a> [index\_document](#input\_index\_document) | n/a | `string` | `"index.html"` | no |
| <a name="input_prefix"></a> [prefix](#input\_prefix) | Prefix used for all resource names | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_redirect_domain_name"></a> [redirect\_domain\_name](#input\_redirect\_domain\_name) | Optional fully qualified domain name to redirect from | `string` | `"null"` | no |
| <a name="input_rewrite_uri"></a> [rewrite\_uri](#input\_rewrite\_uri) | Rewrite all trafic to this absolute uri (commonly used for React websites with History pushState routing) | `string` | `""` | no |
| <a name="input_waf_enabled"></a> [waf\_enabled](#input\_waf\_enabled) | Controls wether WAF is enabled for the CloudFront distributions | `bool` | `false` | no |
| <a name="input_waf_rule_id"></a> [waf\_rule\_id](#input\_waf\_rule\_id) | WAF Rule id | `string` | `""` | no |
| <a name="input_zone_id"></a> [zone\_id](#input\_zone\_id) | Hosted zone id | `string` | n/a | yes |

## Outputs

| Name | Description |
|------|-------------|
| <a name="output_cloudfront_distribution_id"></a> [cloudfront\_distribution\_id](#output\_cloudfront\_distribution\_id) | n/a |
<!-- END_TF_DOCS -->
